good morning it's september 19
2020 and it's a saturday
here in l.a it looks like there's still
smoke in the air
pretty gray very still right now
around 66 degrees fahrenheit
19 celsius today
i'm thinking about a
fast moving mountain creek
the water cold and crisp and
fresh flowing over
stones smooth stones
of yellow green
blue and violet
i saw a creek like this once up in
northern idaho
and it was called deception creek
should be going up to around
85 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
maybe 29 degrees celsius
and if this smoke dissipates
we should be having blue skies and
golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day